[Applause]
we're home
[Music]
I don't like him all the way up here
there's nothing left
there are people out there worth saving
[Music]
people that are left another kind of
people weren't saving tell will the
fairytale again it's too scary you know
start seeing things that aren't there
[Applause]
[Music]
you've been turned out of your home set
out to fend for yourselves with only
your clothes in your hides I'm hungry
I'm hungrier than you are closer to Pig
[Music]
it's slow cake
careful with that dia I'd hate for you
to start something you can't stop please
make your acquaintance
I'm cold Gretel and this rough one here
is my brother Hansel or something you're
over here but it's so pleasant where are
all the animals and where does she draw
milk mrs. Tomkins
this is your power to see what has
hidden him to take wait what if I miss
any deaf the same magic did you joys
help others is left is to make where are
you going
late night event okay sure
I want to talk to you
just sit on them they don't have to do
it here
I made a crazy risky gamble and it's
about to pay off
I would where's the money right now you
said I got till Monday today is still
Monday is it too late okay buddy just
give me another fat are you serious
right now
who's the rollin in your apartment
what'd you say
my money all the time placing bets Oh
show ourselves you like the way things
are going now
get the kids out it out
[Music]
do you like to win right this is no
different than like total power this is
me this is how I would uncut gems when
you wake up you don't know that today
would be the day to change your life
grace please tell me what happened what
did he do to you I've been so lonely
since my divorce I can't love somebody
wanna be loved you need to get him out
this house and meet somebody get the CDs
in the right light and the best lighting
in the room is right here
hey hey is it beautiful sorry
tell me something I mean I know you've
had many young women I was just
wondering why me shouldn't the question
be why not you
I was falling hard I didn't even know
that a man could be that perfect the
environment it was a well it's my life
that's what everything I knew what are
you talking to
grace they don't like being checked up
on
mr. Clyde would like to see you in the
conference room right away okay
you have 24 hours to return the money
well you're going to jail what somebody
got into my account they got my
passwords somebody has stolen my
identity I can't believe you do this to
me I'm the husband you know the laws of
this state the money's mine she's our
Fox you made this too easy
my age low-hanging fruit
what happened we're outside the Holloway
Correctional Facility where grace waters
is being held something isn't adding up
I swear wasn't my buddy he's gone pretty
so there's so much more of a story did
you do something and you didn't tell the
police that's a car right
to our friends are you covering for her
objection your honor
this is unfair it's your job to walk
into that courtroom and make it fair
don't make me go back
darling if you see the devil won't you
tell them I'm coming
[Music]
go home y'all you did it once I'm fine
see well no Jaden who know something you
ate I wound up
[Music]
this little number with which define on
you today's about the kids remember well
that doesn't mean us moms can't have a
little fun too
so tell me how you're doing you got
divorced two years ago it's okay to move
on
I've actually been feeling stronger than
I have in a long time your tasty boy boy
waiter that's the room I'm really liking
this new independent Nicole help you
something ma'am are you available and I
just might be strong woman like you you
know mean rescuing you take care of
yourself just fine I've made a terrible
mistake the body of the Nicole Brown
Simpson and Ronald Goldman were found
earlier this morning during our last
session we discussed your family Oh Jay
did a lot for them that's how he draws
people in
it's him we need to call the cops can't
keep getting away with this it's over
goodness it's complicated
I met another man whoo Nicole it's like
wherever I go he's there
like he's haunting me hello John no
Charlie dude
so who's charlie Nicole don't tell me
where this bruises come from Glen Rogers
prime suspect in cross-country killing
spree you do have a long history of
calling my point are you kidding me the
killer is still believed to be at loss
I think he loved you I think he only saw
me is something he could control that's
not love is it
[Music]